docs: revert of removed fragment (#1609)
vaadin/docs: articles/routing/navigation.asciidoc

anchor.getElement().setAttribute("target", "_blank");
----

> Vaadin router intercepts all anchor navigations, and clicking on a standard link does not cause a full page reload to happen by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vaadin router intercepts all instances of anchor navigation, and clicking on a standard link does not cause a full page reload to happen by default.
```

anchor.getElement().setAttribute("target", "_blank");
----

> Note that Vaadin Router intercepts all anchor elements since Vaadin 15.
> This means that unlike in earlier versions, clicking on a standard link does not cause a full page reload to happen by default.

Reviewer 2: No need to mention differences between older versions. Focus on explaining how things work right now in this version.

```suggestion
Vaadin router intercepts all anchor navigations, and clicking on a standard link does not cause a full page reload to happen by default.
```

Reviewer 2: I’m a bit unsure about “Vaadin Router” being a proper product name. But it looks like we don't really use it in the docs, so keeping it lowercase here would be consistent.
